DOC-4011 added note about min RS version for RDI database (#489)
redis/docs: content/integrate/redis-data-integration/ingest/quick-start-guide.md

## Prerequisites

> - A Redis Enterprise database that will serve as the pipeline target. The dataset we will ingest is

Reviewer: 3rd person re-write suggestion:

```suggestion
- A Redis Enterprise database that will serve as the pipeline target. The dataset that will be ingested is
```
